document1.txt    cocoa;york;comissaria;bag;sale;crop;new;smith;bahia;port;june/juli
document10.txt    technolog;cranston;licens;evan;"ur;reform;critic;sen;(d-cal.;(r-wash.;introduc
document11.txt    agricultur;walli;quot;japan;saito;measur;import;restrict;us;spokesman;want
document12.txt    equatori;leas;transpond;revenu;contel;galaxi;iii;oblig;dlr;mln;restructur
document13.txt    coffe;roaster;quota;dutch;ico;reintroduct;breakdown;failur;vri;basi;cent
document14.txt    volcker;fed;baker;treasuri;appoint;volcker';regan;sourc;white;hous;secretari
document15.txt    hotel;evergo;kadoori;sun;famili;lai;entertain;lau;stake;liang;china
document16.txt    funaro;german;bank;committe;west;brazil;banker;program;region;sourc;brazilian
document17.txt    gatt;china;chines;us;china';export;trade;curb;embassi;deficit;law
document18.txt    cra;net;mln;dividend;tax;earn;imput;contribut;provid;cash;dlr
document19.txt    bond;eurosterl;straight;dealer;uk;dollar;trade;market;eurobond;weak;fresh
document2.txt    bankamerica;analyst;bank;stock;longer;offer;equiti;brazil;debt;approv;immedi
document20.txt    bank;ministri;japanes;approv;japan;us;busi;offici;secur;conduct;allow
document21.txt    chemlawn;wast;schlang;arbitrageur;company';morbelli;manag;share;compani;compet;tender
document22.txt    inflat;plan;surplus;averag;economi;widespread;shortag;hail;abroad;saviour;limp
document3.txt    prev;feb;mar;apr;total;nil;registr;soybean;grain;oilse;wheat
document4.txt    moody';usx';usx;seven;marathon;co';establish;prolif;yate;neg;implic
document5.txt    termin;warrant;share;exercis;common;addit;compani;technolog;right;&t;sedio;n.v.
document6.txt    permian;partnership;partner;intergroup;lp;form;busi;gener;be;unit;nation
document7.txt    bankamerica;analyst;bank;stock;longer;offer;equiti;brazil;debt;approv;immedi
document8.txt    public;reagan;tower;democrat;strategist;report;republican;iran;arm;presid;polit
document9.txt    drop;sale;previous;realtor;(nar;highest;set;december';near-record;pace;seller
